README.md, before:

TimberWinR
==========
A Native Windows to Redis Logstash Agent which runs as a service.
## Why have TimberWinR?
TimberWinR is a native .NET implementation utilizing Microsoft's [LogParser](http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/scriptcenter/dd919274.aspx).  This means
no JVM/JRuby is required, and LogParser does all the heavy lifting.  TimberWinR collects
the data from LogParser and ships it to Logstash via Redis.

## Basics
TimberWinR uses a configuration file to control how the logs are collected, filtered and shipped off.  
These are broken down into:
 1. Inputs  (Collect data from different sources)
 2. Filters (Are applied to all Inputs)
 3. Outputs (Currently ships only to Redis)

## Input Formats
The current supported Input format sources are:
 1. [Logs](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/Logs.md) (Files, a.k.a Tailing a file)
 2. [Tcp](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/TcpInput.md) (listens on a port for JSON messages)
 3. [IISW3C](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/IISW3CInput.md)(Internet Information Services W3C Format)
 4. [WindowsEvents](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/WindowsEvents.md) (Windows Event Viewer)
 5. [Stdin](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/StdInput.md) (Standard Input for Debugging)

## Filters
The current list of supported filters are:
 1. [Grok](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/GrokFilter.md)
 2. [Mutate](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/MutateFilter.md)
 3. [Date](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/DateFilter.md)

## JSON
Since TimberWinR only ships to Redis, the format generated by TimberWinR is JSON.  All fields referenced by TimberWinR can be
represented as a JSON Property or Array.

## Supported Output Formats
1. [Redis](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/RedisOutput.md)

## Sample Configuration
TimberWinR reads a JSON configuration file, an example file is shown here:
```json
{
"TimberWinR": {
    "Inputs": {
        "WindowsEvents": [
            {
                "source": "System,Application",
                "binaryFormat": "PRINT",
                "resolveSIDS": true
            }
        ]
    },
    "Filters": [          
        {
            "grok": {
                "condition": "[type] == \"Win32-Eventlog\"",
                "match": [
                    "Message",
                    ""
                ],                   
                "remove_field": [
                    "ComputerName"                   
                ]
            }
        }
    ],
    "Outputs": {
        "Redis": [
            { 
                "_comment": "Shuffle these hosts",
                "host": [
                   "server1.host.com", 
                   "server2.host.com"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
This configuration:
 1. Inputs: Events from the Windows Event Logs (System, Application)
 2. Filters: Removes the ComputerName field
 3. Sends the event to Redis services (server1.host.com, server2.host.com) in a shuffling manner (balanced).

## Installation
You must first install LogParser, then install TimberWinR.   Install LogParser from here:

[Install LogParser](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=24659) from Microsoft.

After installing, follow the remaining directions here.
## Running Interactively
You can run TimberWinR interactively when you are developing your JSON config file, to do so use the
following options:
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe -configFile:myconfig.json -logLevel:Debug
```

## Installation as a Windows Service
TimberWinR uses [TopShelf](http://topshelf-project.com/) to install as a service, so all the documentation
for installing and configuring the service is show here [TopShelf Doc](http://docs.topshelf-project.com/en/latest/)

Specifically the command line options are listed here in [Topshelf Command-Line Reference](http://docs.topshelf-project.com/en/latest/overview/commandline.html) guide.

Install and set to Automatically Start the service:
```
; Install Service (will autostart on reboot)
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe install --autostart
; Start the Service
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
```

To Start/Stop the Service from the Command Line
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe stop
```

Alternatively you can use the Services Control Panel.
### Usage
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe [options]

Options:
-logDir:        Specifies the directory where TimberWinR will write its log file TimberWinR.txt
                Default is -logDir:"C:\logs"
-logLevel:      Specifies the logging level for TimberWinR
                Legal Values: Trace|Debug|Info|Warn|Error|Fatal|Off
                Default is -logDir:Info
-configFile:    Specifies the path to the JSON config files
                Default is -configFile:default.json
```

### Quickstart Guide
If you really just want to try it out, grab the binary distribution, extract the .zip file
into a directory, e.g.  C:\TimberWinR

Grab the [JSON example file](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR.ServiceHost/default.json) and place it into C:\TimberWinR\default.json. 
Edit the default.json file and change the Redis instance to match yours, replace 'tstlexiceapp006.vistaprint.svc' with the IP or DNS name
of the machine running redis.  Fire up the collector, enable the verbose debugging to see some Windows Events.

```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.Exe -configFile:default.json -logLevel:Debug
```

You should see 


To run it as a service
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe install --autostart
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
```

Commit message:

Added ability to ship directly to elasticsearch.

README.md, after:

TimberWinR
==========
A Native Windows to Redis/Elasticsearch Logstash Agent which runs as a service.

## Why have TimberWinR?
TimberWinR is a native .NET implementation utilizing Microsoft's [LogParser](http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/scriptcenter/dd919274.aspx).  This means
no JVM/JRuby is required, and LogParser does all the heavy lifting.  TimberWinR collects
the data from LogParser and ships it to Logstash via Redis (or can ship direcly to Elasticsearch)

## Basics
TimberWinR uses a configuration file to control how the logs are collected, filtered and shipped off.  
These are broken down into:
 1. Inputs  (Collect data from different sources)
 2. Filters (Are applied to all Inputs)
 3. Outputs (Currently ships only to Redis)

## Input Formats
The current supported Input format sources are:
 1. [Logs](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/Logs.md) (Files, a.k.a Tailing a file)
 2. [Tcp](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/TcpInput.md) (listens on a port for JSON messages)
 3. [IISW3C](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/IISW3CInput.md)(Internet Information Services W3C Format)
 4. [WindowsEvents](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/WindowsEvents.md) (Windows Event Viewer)
 5. [Stdin](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/StdInput.md) (Standard Input for Debugging)

## Filters
The current list of supported filters are:
 1. [Grok](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/GrokFilter.md)
 2. [Mutate](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/MutateFilter.md)
 3. [Date](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/DateFilter.md)

## JSON
Since TimberWinR only ships to Redis, the format generated by TimberWinR is JSON.  All fields referenced by TimberWinR can be
represented as a JSON Property or Array.

## Supported Output Formats
1. [Redis](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/RedisOutput.md)
1. [Elasticsearch](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/ElasticsearchOutput.md)

## Sample Configuration
TimberWinR reads a JSON configuration file, an example file is shown here:
```json
{
"TimberWinR": {
    "Inputs": {
        "WindowsEvents": [
            {
                "source": "System,Application",
                "binaryFormat": "PRINT",
                "resolveSIDS": true
            }
        ]
    },
    "Filters": [          
        {
            "grok": {
                "condition": "[type] == \"Win32-Eventlog\"",
                "match": [
                    "Message",
                    ""
                ],                   
                "remove_field": [
                    "ComputerName"                   
                ]
            }
        }
    ],
    "Outputs": {
        "Redis": [
            { 
                "_comment": "Shuffle these hosts",
                "host": [
                   "server1.host.com", 
                   "server2.host.com"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
This configuration:
 1. Inputs: Events from the Windows Event Logs (System, Application)
 2. Filters: Removes the ComputerName field
 3. Sends the event to Redis services (server1.host.com, server2.host.com) in a shuffling manner (balanced).

## Installation
You must first install LogParser, then install TimberWinR.   Install LogParser from here:

[Install LogParser](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=24659) from Microsoft.

After installing, follow the remaining directions here.
## Running Interactively
You can run TimberWinR interactively when you are developing your JSON config file, to do so use the
following options:
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe -configFile:myconfig.json -logLevel:Debug
```

## Installation as a Windows Service
TimberWinR uses [TopShelf](http://topshelf-project.com/) to install as a service, so all the documentation
for installing and configuring the service is show here [TopShelf Doc](http://docs.topshelf-project.com/en/latest/)

Specifically the command line options are listed here in [Topshelf Command-Line Reference](http://docs.topshelf-project.com/en/latest/overview/commandline.html) guide.

Install and set to Automatically Start the service:
```
; Install Service (will autostart on reboot)
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe install --autostart
; Start the Service
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
```

To Start/Stop the Service from the Command Line
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe stop
```

Alternatively you can use the Services Control Panel.
### Usage
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe [options]

Options:
-logDir:        Specifies the directory where TimberWinR will write its log file TimberWinR.txt
                Default is -logDir:"C:\logs"
-logLevel:      Specifies the logging level for TimberWinR
                Legal Values: Trace|Debug|Info|Warn|Error|Fatal|Off
                Default is -logDir:Info
-configFile:    Specifies the path to the JSON config files
                Default is -configFile:default.json
```

### Quickstart Guide
If you really just want to try it out, grab the binary distribution, extract the .zip file
into a directory, e.g.  C:\TimberWinR

Grab the [JSON example file](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR.ServiceHost/default.json) and place it into C:\TimberWinR\default.json. 
Edit the default.json file and change the Redis instance to match yours, replace 'tstlexiceapp006.vistaprint.svc' with the IP or DNS name
of the machine running redis.  Fire up the collector, enable the verbose debugging to see some Windows Events.

```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.Exe -configFile:default.json -logLevel:Debug
```

You should see 


To run it as a service
```
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe install --autostart
TimberWinR.ServiceHost.exe start
```
