TimberWinR
==========
A Native Windows to Redis Logstash Agent which runs as a service.
## Why have TimberWinR?
TimberWinR is a native .NET implementation utilizing Microsoft's [LogParser](http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/scriptcenter/dd919274.aspx).  This means
no JVM/JRuby is required, and LogParser does all the heavy lifting.    TimberWinR collects
the data from LogParser and ships it to Logstash via Redis.

## Basics
TimberWinR uses a configuration file to control how the logs are collected, filtered and shipped off.  
These are broken down into:
 1. Inputs  (Collect data from different sources)
 2. Filters (Are applied to all Inputs)
 3. Outputs (Currently ships only to Redis)

## Input Formats
The current supported Input format sources are:
 1. Logs (Files, a.k.a Tailing a file)
 2. Tcp (listens on a port for JSON messages)
 3. IISW3C (Internet Information Services W3C Format)
 4. [WindowsEvents](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/WindowsEvents.md)

## Filters
The current list of supported filters are:
 1. [Grok](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/GrokFilter.md)
 2. [Mutate](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/MutateFilter.md)
 3. [Date](https://github.com/efontana/TimberWinR/blob/master/TimberWinR/mdocs/DateFilter.md)

## JSON
Since TimberWinR only ships to Redis, the format generated by TimberWinR is JSON.  All fields referenced by TimberWinR can be
represented as a JSON Property or Array.

## Supported Output Formats
 - Redis

## Sample Configuration
TimberWinR reads a JSON configuration file, an example file is shown here:
```json
{
"TimberWinR": {
    "Inputs": {
        "WindowsEvents": [
            {
                "source": "System,Application",
                "binaryFormat": "PRINT",
                "resolveSIDS": true
            }
        ]
    },
    "Outputs": {
        "Redis": [
            { 
                "host": [
                    "server1.host.com"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
This configuration collects Events from the Windows Event Logs (System, Application) and forwards them
to Redis.

